Okay, yes, okay, what do you say?
Didn’t I come in with Qian Liquor and your eating space?
Hey, let you go down and we meet again.
Story, last click, OK,
Good, good, good, good,
good, good, good,
Good, good, good, good, good, good, good,
Good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good,
Good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good,
Good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, Good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good,
I walked towards the sea again, that way.
Who do you really want to do?
Why don't I just talk about food here?
You can go
Do you really live by the sea? Let's go for a walk
Sister, we have thirty-two points, a story? A story?
Thirty-two is not a story, I believe it
like the two of us
There is really something going on
Recruit two or three from us
Sixty-seven percent, I recruited, I recruited, I recruited, I recruited, I recruited
you just saw
So it belongs to me, oh
Yes, he has no one